# Light Client Working Group Devs Meeting 16
### Meeting Date/Time: Friday, October 22th, 2021 15:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 45 minutes
### [Agenda](https://github.com/zcash/lcwg/issues/26)
### [Video of the meeting](not-recorded)
### Moderator: Pacu Gindre @pacu
### Notes: Pacu Gindre @pacu

## Decisions and Actions Made
| Item | Description | Video ref |
| ------------- | ----------- | --------- |
| | ||

# 1. General Notes
-------------------------------------------
* General ECC Progress 
  - General update timeline for the next weeks.
* NightHawk Updates
  - Kicked off Design Sprint. 
  - Researching Use cases for migrations from sapling to Orchard
  - What addresses need to be shown on an NU5 compatible wallet?
  - UI/UX around NU5
  - 
## Attendees
* @Pacu
* Adi Nighthawk
* Dmytrii Gonchar
* Steven Smith
## Next Meeting
Light Client Working Group Devs Meeting Friday, November 19th, 2021 @ 1500 UTC

[Next Meeting Agenda](https://github.com/zcash/lcwg/issues/28)
