# Light Client Working Group Devs Meeting 66
### Meeting Date/Time: Thursday, Nov 30th, 2023 17:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 40 minutes
### Moderator: @pacu - ZWCD, @decentralistdan - ZF
### Attendees: Kris (ECC), Zooko(ECC), John (ZF), Za (Zingo), Conrado (ZF), Hazel (Zingo).

## Agenda:

### Presentation Slot: (optional)
    - None requested.
    

### Team Updates: 2-3 minute updates per team. Shorter is better
- Kinds of team updates:
  - General Status 
  - Request for input
  - Announcements
  - Blockers or dependencies with other teams

**ZingoLabs:**
-  working on updating syncing with shardtree, detected some connectivity glitches that they are working on fixing that before releasing a new version

**ZF:**
- John mentioned no particular updates except work on frost and zebras syncing.
- Conrado mentioned frost updates and
- Kris nuttycom asked if ZF engineers working on syncing and wallet things on zebra to join this call 

**ECC:**
- Zashi iOS release with UI tweaks. No update to the SDK yet. Also Android UI updates in pipeline to be on parity with iOS
- Kris is working orchard support on librustzcash zcash_client_backend 
- Dependencies: updates on splitting sapling cryptography crate

**ZWCD**
- Pacu went through the things he had been working on that will be published on the next
grant update on forum post. 

### Workgroupâ€™s initiatives
Three possible initiatives were discussed:
- ZIP-315 support of best practices for Zcash wallets
   - Needs lead to arrange meetings and zip editing. Pacu will volunteer if no one else does (not out of laziness but to open up the game to others)
- Implementation of ZIP-317 across the ecosystem
  - Decentralisdan could have some bandwidth 
- Lightwalletd maintenance and support ZIP-307 / Decentralize Core development


### Actions Items for **Next** call
- Need to define Leaders for initiatives and teams to define some minimum degree of
commitment to dedicate some hours to work in the initiatives.
