# Light Client Working Group Devs Meeting 62
### Meeting Date/Time: Thursday, Oct 5th, 2023 17:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 40 minutes
### Moderator: @pacu - ZWCD, @decentralistdan - ZF
### Attendees: @nuttycom (ECC), Zooko (ECC), Nate (ECC), Adi (NH), Danyun (Chainsafe), John (ZF), FluidVanadium (Zingo), Za (Zingo)
### Notes: @pacu

## General Notes
There was a LCWG meeting #61 on September 21st but no notes were taken.

### ECC Update

Kris: Last call they were in the process of updating and releasing SDKs 2.0.0. released SDK 2.0.1
with enhancementsfrom Edge, Unstoppable and NightHawk. Currently doing Internal testing with Zashi wallet. There are performance improvements on SDK performance.

Zooko: Next call ECC will be sharing Plans for their next Term. Also asked people wanting to be in the beta testing of Zashi to reach out to him or Kris. 

### Zingo Updates

Fluidvanadium: Zingo is working on a mobile release for next week. They are very interested in FROST and the eventual end user case

Za: the next update is going to include optimizations by using ECC's shardtree crate on Zingo.
Will be focusing on core rust development after that release

### NH Updates

Adi: Started beta for 2.0.0 NH internal release, working on fixes and other improvements. They are looking forward for bugs and open issues that they found on the mobile SDKs and ZIP-317 implementation from ECC. Since ECC mentioned to be planning work for the next months ahead, Adi also requested ECC to prioritize ZIP-317 development so that it can be enforced at consensus level. 

NH is Also working on build automation for their Application with special emphasys on Fdroid releases.


### ZWCD Updates
Pacu is back from his time off. Followed up events to be aware of any pressing issues during 
his absense and fortunately were none. Congratulated everyone for the ton of work done in 
those two weeks and declared IM backlog bankrupcy because it was not possible to read back
all the activity. Requested matters of the last 15 days to be brought to his attention if needed. 

He started working on Advanced ReOrg Tests datasets for Orchard, Sapling and T, integration on Zingo and then to other wallets plus PR reviews at request. Also asked LCWG members to reach out for any work if needed.

### Chainsafe Updates
They are continuing to work on their Statement Of Work document to later present to the whole community as @decentralistdan had adviced them to in the last LCWG meeting. They will contact @pacu to help them distribute the proposal draft for feedback directly to other members of LCWG until they feel it's ready for publishing to a broader audience.

### ZF Updates

Decentralistdan invited everyone in the call to join the FROST call on the top of the hour following this one.