# Light Client Working Group Devs Meeting 34
### Meeting Date/Time: Thursday, October 6th, 2021 17:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 30 minutes
### [Video of the meeting](not-recorded)
### Moderator: Pacu Gindre @pacu
### Attendees: Adi @nighthawk24, Carter @ccjernigan
### Notes: Adi

## Decisions and Actions Made
| Item | Description | Video ref |
| ------------- | ----------- | --------- |
| | ||


# 1. General Notes
* General
  - General roadmap on wallet development
* Android SDK
  - Next release with Checkpoint updates and small bug fixes
* iOS SDK
  - SDK 0.16.11-beta release with checkpoints
  - Updates to reference wallet to exercise incoming UA and ZIP-316 APIs
* Nighthawk Updates
  - Working on crashes reported by users.
  - Needs to coordinate with ECC Core Team about rollout of new Fee Mechanism implementation
  after the ZIP is approved.  @pacu will follow up on behalf of ECC 


## Attendees
* Adi @nighthawk24 Nighthawk
* @Pacu ECC
* @ccjernigan ECC