# Light Client Working Group Devs Meeting 7
### Meeting Date/Time: Friday, June 11th, 2021 15:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 1 hour
### [Agenda](https://github.com/zcash/lcwg/issues/8)
### [Video of the meeting](not-recorded)
### Moderator: Kevin Gorham
### Notes: Kevin Gorham

## Decisions and Actions Made
| Item | Description | Video ref |
| ------------- | ----------- | --------- |
| **Action 1** | Add variant with no logging to android||

# 1. General Notes
- All ZCon2Lite presentations on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL40dyJ0UYTLLa68H9ibpiSZqeevqKizg4
- We actually could do price chart

-------------------------------------------
## Attendees
- Kevin
- Pacu
- Adi
- Geffen
- Elio
- Mandeep 
- Matt
- Steve

---------------------------------------

## Next Meeting
Light Client Working Group Devs Meeting #8, June 25th, 2021 @ 1500 UTC

[Next Meeting Agenda](https://github.com/zcash/lcwg/issues/8)

